have I told you I love you yes dad you
told me like a billion times honey
you please come down here
dot something's happen you can't go in
there I love my family I failed to
protect them I'm sorry dr. Kersey
nothing yet
so there's nothing that I can do is that
what you're saying can I have faith
about faith work out for them
if a man really wants to protect horses
he has to do is for himself the men who
did it are out there
we're gonna hunt them down one by one
train set up the dark for clothes in
Chile right yeah you're not gonna kill
me
no Jackie's
that me back you got a cartons from
crossfire yeah you said next time an
equal being awake you are gonna be
alright I promise
you're not calm somebody has you doing
everybody's watching this viral video is
this dude right foot taking the law into
his own hands
be a hero keep smiling
but is it wrong you're cocked locked and
ready to work well sir
someone took my wife
is going to pay
you look much better getting out
socializing not so much well whatever
you're doing keep it up okay I will